feat(performance): Adds a Prerequisites and Limitations section to webvitals (#10380)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/insights/web-vitals/index.mdx

### Prerequisites and Limitations

**Web Vitals** and **Performance Scores** are automatically captured by Sentry's JavaScript SDKs through the [BrowserTracing](/platforms/javascript/configuration/integrations/browsertracing/) integration. 

You can find out how to set up Sentry on your web application in the [installation docs](/platforms/javascript/). If you are using a JavaScript framework, you may need to follow additional setup instructions for your specific framework.

- [React SDK](/platforms/javascript/guides/react/)
- [Vue SDK](/platforms/javascript/guides/vue/)
- [Angular SDK](/platforms/javascript/guides/angular/)
- [Svelte SDK](/platforms/javascript/guides/svelte/)

Although Sentry provides auto instrumentation for many frontend frameworks, there are some environments and scenarios that may not be fully supported. If you are unable to find your pages in the **Web Vitals** page, check to see if your page loads are meeting the following conditions:

> - **Performance Scores** do not support mobile browsers.
> - **Performance Scores** only support **Chrome**, **Firefox**, **Safari**, **Opera**, and **Edge** desktop browsers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Performance Scores** only support **Chrome**, **Firefox**, **Safari**, **Opera**, and **Edge** desktop browsers. Mobile browsers are NOT supported.
```
Since the preceding sentence was about meeting the following conditions, it felt weird to start with what wasn't supported, so I would just combine these into one bullet

> - A page load must capture a minimum set of web vitals in order to be eligible for **Performance Score** calculation. e.g. Chrome page loads must contain LCP, FCP, CLS, and TTFB, otherwise they will not appear in the Web Vitals page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A page load must capture a minimum set of web vitals in order to be eligible for **Performance Score** calculation. For example, Chrome page loads must contain LCP, FCP, CLS, and TTFB; otherwise they will not appear in the Web Vitals page.
```
We try to avoid latin abbreviations for non-native speakers
